Rajmund Pietrowski | 00:37
Hey, can you hear me? I can hear you. Hi, Scott. Hawaii, I'm fine. Thank you. What about you? Doing good? It seems like I have literally everybody I've had teams meetings with today has had some kind of issues.
So I think it's probably either Microsoft or something is fine, no worries. I'm having some system problems with this. The meeting. Just a second. Where it is, I cannot see any icon. The utilities in this MS meeting anyway.
Yeah, that's fine. Well, no, thank you for hopping on. Yeah, I'm in Atlanta. Do you like...? [Laughter] I've been living here for several years. I love it. Pretty humid this time of year.
Yeah, pretty humid. It's so hot. I'm making me afraid to go outside. Staying at home and walking.
No, the meta position has been laid out, so I'm looking for new job opportunities. [Laughter] How recently did that happen? So, there is something related with the structural adjustment of the conference decisions.
But anyway, I've been working here for several years since 2021, and I worked on several different projects. The meta. So, yeah, everything. The meta is a very big industry. So, it was a very great opportunity to learn a lot of things in the varieties of the things within a short period.
Yes, primarily, the work is with the varieties of the stacks. So, sometimes working on the backend side, sometimes working closely with the QA and testing guys, setting up the CI/CD pipeline, and the others working with the Jenkins speed-rise and et cetera.
Sometimes, I was working on the TBOS. The Apple TBOS. So, it's a really broad range of work, but the most prime... Yeah, the most of the work was something related with the front-end, and that was related with React and Next.js. Gotcha.
Okay, awesome. Was it primarily... I know you mentioned working on a few different things there, were they all customer-facing applications or did you have to do... Like internal applications? Those are all related, you mean the projects that meta? Yes, that's all related with the enterprise solutions.
Okay, so I worked on several different themes. So first time I was working at Gotcha engineering team. This is something related with the specific enterprise solution. It was the team size, they will want. It was ten to 15 and seven developers, engineers and three or four QA and testing guys.
Okay, gotcha. Awesome. And did you have to? I know you said you had dedicated testers, but did you have to do some? Yes, I had to. The testing was a part of the responsibility for some of the tier level engineers.
So I was working on the tier seven and I was a tier seven engineer. So the role was including a few responsibilities of the debugging and testing on the engineer side as well. What did you use for testing?
Like just GitHub or... and for some specific mobile platforms such as iOS and Android, I was using the XCTest framework for the Apple testing. Awesome. And then, you did quite a bit of... Yes, of course the RESTful, GraphQL. And mostly these two types of API integrations. The 90%, I think the 80 or 90% of the work was something related with the API integration on the front-end side and some API modifications and the kind of reshaping and rebuilding the existing APIs according to the requirements of the front-end side.
So but mostly the API integration and RESTFUL APIs got well, great. And then before that you were over at Netflix, how did that compare to Gotcha? Yeah, the projects at Netflix were all related with the enterprise and internal projects.
I think the majority of the work was related with the front-end side again. Next year, yes. I worked with other technologies and the stacks as well. For example, machine learning using the machine learning frameworks and integrating the AI applications into existing products and then mobile side as well.
Yeah, and then back in you're using primarily... No, but I'm... I feel comfortable with the Ruby and Way's as well. That's awesome. So, tell me... I know you said you had... Were unfortunately laid off. Have you been pretty active in your search so far? Do you have any roles that you're currently in the later stages of interviews for, right now, in light of what's happened in the recent weeks?
So, it has been only around two weeks. So I just started the interviewing process, and all in all stages. Okay, got you. Are you primarily looking for all remote roles? Are you open to things there in the area or elsewhere? I'm pretty open, but I am preferring the remote roles.
Okay, and then what are you targeting in terms of compensation? Do you mean the annual salary? Yeah, I'm turning 01:20 to 01:50. Okay. Is there any flexibility there, especially if it's like a quick-moving contract? Of course, if the contract can move quickly, then yeah, I'm fully open to negotiation and can be flexible regarding the contract terms.
Yeah, the position... This is for it is a contract role. The company they are called a Rocket Lawyer, and so they primarily manage and handle like legal document management and legal contract management.
So funny, you mentioned the AI integration. They ended up doing a lot of that here recently with a lot of their products as well as building out some customer-facing chatbots where they've integrated some features too.
A lot of projects that they've had. So now they are, as they've built out the backend, they are now looking for a few people to help more on the front-end development side, where they're primarily using React with TypeScript. They have used some Angular as well, but it's much more with data as well as definitely a lot of API integration as well. They're us, cloud-side.
They're primarily using Google Cloud to build the environment as well. Yeah, all seems to be quite familiar to me, as I mentioned before.
So, Zkins, the Beatrice, the Fast Lane, those are quite familiar with the CI/CD pipelines and the utilities that I've been using in the past years at Meta, Netflix, and at Anglog. I feel pretty comfortable.
So, I have at least six or seven years of experience working with Angular, so I feel pretty confident. Yeah, great. Then, as far as the timeline is concerned, it is a contract role, a minimum of three months, but that is more than likely.
Most of the team members that I've placed for other projects in the past are usually six months plus, and they are looking to add somebody here pretty much right away.
For their target compensation, they're targeting around $40-$45 per hour for around $95 on the contract side as well. Yep, that sounds good. So, may I have a question for this? They're fully remote. Their physical office is actually down in
San Francisco. Yeah, so with that, they cover for four different time zones between that. So, they're fairly flexible with working with anybody from anything from the East Coast to give their own hours. Yep, that sounds good. Could you tell me a little
bit more about the team? So, their regular working hours, how they collaborate, what kind of agile working methodology they are running, and the scope of the team as well, around six to seven people that usually includes one or two front-end engineers and one or two back-end engineers, an automation QA person. Then they usually have a data engine.
Use Last.ai tools, Jira and Confluence for managing, inversion control and thinking.
I think that's pretty much it. You already covered most of my questions. The working methodology, the scope of the team, and the regular working hours. You mentioned that it's a remote team.
The working hours are based on different time zones, so what are the main regular working hours?
That's something that they're able to do. I know they just have a typical midday meeting with a Scrum meeting. But other than that, there's flexibility within their office hours too. They're so wide. Sounds good.
One other question. So, contracts, the contract lengths are mentioned. There's a minimum possibility of extension of three months, which means it's a 1099 or C2C. So it's actually 2W2, but W2 was three months.
That's a rare case. We don't have any... We can't legally go 1099 and CTO C stuff. We don't have... As a company, we either... Okay, so only W2 and the three months, but with the possible extension, is that right?
Yeah, okay, I'm fine with W2. They do a coding session primarily with React and TypeScript. After that, they would be looking to... The second interview would just be a general touch base with their head of the engine.
So, can we quickly go through this, the NB process? Yeah, typically they send a response as far as interview requests and everything within usually one to two days at the mode. Hello? Your voice is breaking.
It's fine. Yeah, better now. So well, I will...
Yep. Okay, I'm going to reach out to their team away.
So that means the first round is about the technical interview, which includes a live coding session with an existing team member. Then the next one is the head of the engineering.
That will be discussing my practical experience and blah, right?
Okay, so this round takes all 30 minutes. Okay, that's fine. One last question. Can you give me a brief explanation about the onboarding process?
I'm sorry, your voice is breaking again. Hello? Yeah, it's better now, yeah, better now. Onboarding process. So once we have an offer, it takes a couple of days to go through the background check.
I was breaking. Okay, hello. Pretty okay.
How long does it take? A week? The laptop and onboarding process. So it's a pretty quick process once that's confirmed.
Then you essentially work with their project team and log hours for us, so we would handle all of the operational questions. Okay, that sounds good to me. Yeah, that's it. On my side, up right away, and then...
Yeah, like I said, I should have an answer within a day or two, but if you have questions or if anything else comes up... Okay. Thank you, I may... Yeah, have a great day. It was nice speaking with you today. Thank you, Scott. Bye.
