Rajmund Pietrowski | 00:03
You could probably tell Michael Mina you could Cousin Krisp you're at AN and so the name.
So this. 3901 de.
577217.
Joy, we're going into all the schedules then, and now, yeah, call me to drink. [Laughter] You're doing the wrong thing. Well, you so s Ngo? Yeah, Antoni.
Your call has been forwarded.
Hey, they're coming. That's fine noise. So, thank you for your time today, and my name is DUCE. What is quickly? ASA is... So,
I'm in Dallas, but other than Texas, we have California, New York, Illinois, Michigan, Georgia.
Yes, I'm looking for the opportunity. My most recent position was contract-based, and it ended recently, so I'm actively looking for a new job opportunity. Yes, the recent position ended in June.
No. Yeah, I'm Malaysian descent. A little bit... I can just read and translate a little bit, but I'm not good at Vobal Japanese. A little bit, using the dictionaries and some other...
Yeah, the utilities and the tours. [Laughter] Yes, [Laughter] maybe. No, not at all. So, as I mentioned before, I can read and translate, and I can read some articles and the books a little bit, so I can understand the written Japanese.
But, yeah, it's difficult for me. Yeah, I'm not good at Vobal Japanese. Yeah, okay, and you, I saw you red... You are looking for... I prefer remote positions.
Yes, I'm in Atlanta. No, that's fine anywhere in the United States and other areas. I'm fine with it, yeah, I'm fine with relocation, but as I mentioned, I strongly prefer remote walking.
Yes, I'm a US citizen. Yes, it's native in bilingual, and other than the English, you... Yes, Malaysian and a bit of Chinese and a bit of Japanese.
I can start working immediately.
My expected salary range is around $10,000 to $12,000 per year, but I'm pretty flexible, so I'm open to negotiation.
So, in the past two years, I've been working as the front end mainly, but I have extensive background in mobile and web backend as well.
So. In the next job opportunity, I'm looking for walking on any stacks, but preferring the full front-end side. Could you tell me a little bit more about the job description and the required skill sets?
I would like to introduce you to one position. If you're yes, you can as I mentioned, I'm quite flexible, so I can be open to negotiation. So, do you have to relocate to Texas?
It's a global retail company. It's actually not a Japanese company, this
7-Eleven. Is that the company name? The 7-Eleven? Yes, I'm quite familiar with the 7-Eleven. Plus, they are looking for a Japanese-English bilingual software engineer. No doubt there pack, but let me... I'm sorry for the interruption.
I need to think about this position because I have some family-related issues at this moment, so that makes it difficult for me to relocate for now. So, relocation won't be a big problem for me. I can adjust it, but for now, it's difficult for me to relocate to Dallas for three months.
So, at this moment, if you can consider it and if you can introduce and recommend me for the fully remote position for at least two or three months, as long as this position is fine with me, that's my suggestion.
So, for those three months, I can work remotely, and then after that, I can relocate. If the company is okay with that, then we can move forward with this position as well. I am bilingual in Japanese, which means that every conversation and meeting will be conducted in Japanese. I can understand, but [Laughter] the...
Yeah, maybe.
You will have to have a meeting with a Japanese speaker. There are many utilities that can help and boost my Japanese language skills, so I don't think it might be a big problem for me. So the relocation seems to be only a big issue.
But I think the bilingual of the Japanese... I think we can overcome this.
Yup. Okay, if they need to test the Japanese, then yeah, I can have a very quick language test as well. But anyway. Okay. Recently a lot of physician
industry. So if there are any positions that came up, I will let you know. Thank you so much. So hybrid positions are acceptable for me. So if there are any other hybrid positions,
please feel free to let me know. And this position, the ocean, one more... One last thing. So I'm sorry for that. So, is this a full-time position? Yes. It's a full-time. Okay, then, yeah, please, I'm quite interested in this position, with the information you provided, so I hope we can... I feel fine with me, with my wisdom, and with my past experience background. Then I'd like to move forward with the interview process because of the relocation. I can...
I will think about it again, and I will try to handle it on my side as much as I can. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Have a great weekend. Bye.
